readme update (#3)
invenia/OPFSampler.jl: README.md

The sampling function starts by generating the number of required samples and then runs OPF for each of the samples and filter those with feasible OPF solutions. Importing power grid data, grid modifications and solving OPF are all done within [PowerModels.jl](https://github.com/lanl-ansi/PowerModels.jl) framework. Since some of the generated samples might not be feasible, the sample generation continues in an iterative manner until the required number of samples with feasible solution is met. Currently, if more than 60\% of the samples lead to infeasible OPF in the first iteration, the algorithm returns an error to indicate the fact that the choice of parameters might not be suitable for the used grid.    

#### Output Structure

> The output data `samples` is an array of dictionaries where each element of array has the corresponding sample parameter values and the OPF solution. For each input parameter type, the order of array of data is based on the sorted dictionary of the original data in the `base_model`. For examples, `samples[i]["rate_a"]` is a vector containing the thermal rating branch values in sample i and the order is the same order of the keys in `sort(base_model["branch"])`. Or `samples[i]["qd"]` is a vector containing the load reactive power values in sample i and the order is the same order of the keys in `sort(base_model["load"])`.

Reviewer: > sample parameter values and the OPF solution

I thought the solution was not being included because it is (relatively) cheap to calculate? Also, the files are called `input_*`.

Reviewer: Or is this referring to the output of `OPFSampler.jl` directly, and not the data we are providing.

Reviewer: In which case, this needs a clarifying comment, as there will be a discrepancy there.

Author: oh thanks, good catch. I meant to remove mentioning of OPF_ouput but this one slipped under my radar. Will fix

Author: Please check if the changes in the new commit clarify things.

Author: @AlexRobson

Author: @AlexRobson I reorganized things a bit and added more description on the original PowerModels data and the mapping between our samples and that data. Can you please take a look to see if it is more clear?

* "load" : loads
* "gen" : generators
* "branch" : power grid lines.

Each grid element has a set of keys corresponding to parts of the grid of the same type. For example, `base_model["branch"]["4"]` has the information of branch identified with "4" as its identifier.

For sample i in the dictionary, depending on the type of sampler (AC/DC), all or a subset of the following keys can be found:

* "pd" : nodal load active power corresponding to `base_model["load"][load key]["pd"]`
* "qd" : nodal load reactive power corresponding to `base_model["load"][load key]["qd"]`
* "pmax" : maximum active power output of generators corresponding to `base_model["gen"][gen key]["pmax"]`
* "qmax" : maximum reactive power output of generators corresponding to `base_model["gen"][gen key]["qmax"]`
* "rate_a" : line thermal ratings corresponding to `base_model["branch"][branch key]["rate_a"]`
* "br_x" : line reactance values corresponding to `base_model["branch"][branch key]["br_x"]`
* "br_r" : line resistance values corresponding to `base_model["branch"][branch key]["br_r"]`.
* "OPF_output" : OPF solution for the corresponding sample in PowerModels format.

> For each input parameter type, the order of data array is based on the sorted dictionary of the original PowerModels data in the `base_model`. For example, the k-th element of the vector `samples[i]["rate_a"][k]` corresponds to the "rate_a" data of the branch identified by the k-th key in the sorted branch dictionary `sort(base_model["branch"])` or the k-th element of the vector `samples[i]["qmax"][k]` corresponds to the "qmax" data of the generator identified by the k-th key in the sorted generator dictionary `sort(base_model["gen"])`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each input parameter type, the order of data array is based on the sorted dictionary of the original PowerModels data in the `base_model`. For example, the k-th element of the vector `samples[i]["rate_a"][k]` corresponds to the "rate_a" data of the branch identified by the k-th key in the sorted branch dictionary `sort(base_model["branch"])` or the k-th element of the vector `samples[i]["qmax"][k]` corresponds to the "qmax" data of the generator identified by the k-th key in the sorted generator dictionary `sort(base_model["gen"])`. 
```

> For each input parameter type, the order of data array is based on the sorted dictionary of the original PowerModels data in the `base_model`. For example, the k-th element of the vector `samples[i]["rate_a"][k]` corresponds to the "rate_a" data of the branch identified by the k-th key in the sorted branch dictionary `sort(base_model["branch"])` or the k-th element of the vector `samples[i]["qmax"][k]` corresponds to the "qmax" data of the generator identified by the k-th key in the sorted generator dictionary `sort(base_model["gen"])`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do not keep keys in the output, but make the assumption that the Array order is the same as the lexicographical ordering in PowerModels, i.e. `sort(power_model["load"]))` for load. 
For each input parameter type, the order of data array is based on the sorted dictionary of the original PowerModels data in the `base_model`. 
For example, the k-th element of the vector `samples[i]["rate_a"][k]` corresponds to the "rate_a" data of the branch identified by the k-th key in the sorted branch dictionary `sort(base_model["branch"])` or the k-th element of the vector `samples[i]["qmax"][k]`
```
